Fix REPL run shortcut on macOS (#3773)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/guides/cheatsheet/repl.rst

    db> select 5;
    {5}

> Alternatively, you can run the query without a semicolon with esc+return on macOS
> or Alt-Enter on Windows/Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can run the query without a semicolon by hitting an `ESC`
key immediately followed by `RETURN` on macOS, or Alt-Enter on Windows/Linux.
```

Reviewer 2: This works even if you hold down the `esc` key

.. code-block:: edgeql-repl

    db> select 5
    {5}

.. tip::

>     This esc+return or Alt-Enter trick is also very useful when your cursor is in
>     the middle of a long query and you want to run it directly without moving the
>     cursor to the end of the query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Alt-Enter / ESC+Return trick is also very useful when your cursor is in
    the middle of a long query and you want to run it directly without moving the
    cursor to the end of the query.
    
    Terminals like iTerm allow to configure left Option key to act as ESC+, which
    makes Alt-Enter also work on macOS.
```

Reviewer 2: Let's mention the "Use Option as Meta option" here for Terminal.app users

Reviewer 2: > Terminals like iTerm allow to configure

Edit: "Terminals like iTerm allow *you* to configure *the* left Option"

Reviewer: Good catch and good suggestion on Terminal.app. I've updated with some detailed instructions for both iTerm and Terminal.app

    db> select 5;
    {5}

Alternatively, you can run the query without a semicolon by hitting Alt-Enter 
on Windows/Linux, or Esc+Return on macOS.

.. code-block:: edgeql-repl

    db> select 5
    {5}

.. tip::

>     The Alt-Enter / ESC+Return trick is also very useful when your cursor is in
>     the middle of a long query and you want to run it directly without moving the
>     cursor to the end of the query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Alt-Enter / ESC+Return trick is also very useful when your cursor is in
    the middle of a long query and you want to run it directly without moving 
    the cursor to the end of the query.
```
